# FeedConnection


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | GUID used to identify the Account. | [optional] 
**account_token** | **str** | This account identifier is generated by the financial institute (FI). This must be unique for your financial institute. | [optional] 
**account_number** | **str** | String(40) when AccountType is BANK String(4) when AccountType is CREDITCARD The Account Number is used to match the feed to a Xero Bank Account. The API will create a new Xero Bank Account if a match to an existing Xero Bank Account is not found. Only the last 4 digits must be supplied for Credit Card numbers. Must be included if AccountId is not specified. | [optional] 
**account_name** | **str** | The Account Name will be used for the creation of a new Xero Bank Account if a matching Xero Bank Account is not found. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | Xero identifier for a bank account in Xero. Must be included if AccountNumber is not specified. | [optional] 
**account_type** | **str** | High level bank account type - BANK CREDITCARD BANK encompasses all bank account types other than credit cards. | [optional] 
**currency** | [**CurrencyCode1**](CurrencyCode1.md) |  | [optional] 
**country** | [**CountryCode1**](CountryCode1.md) |  | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | the current status of the feed connection | [optional] 
**error** | [**Error2**](Error2.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from xero_python.models.feed_connection import FeedConnection

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of FeedConnection from a JSON string
feed_connection_instance = FeedConnection.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print FeedConnection.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
feed_connection_dict = feed_connection_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of FeedConnection from a dict
feed_connection_from_dict = FeedConnection.from_dict(feed_connection_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


